Hi I'm James Adams I'm here on behalf of expertvillage.com
and now I'm going to proceed to talk about
AGP video cards. AGP video cards are not volatile
but they are kind of older but, they are good
for games. Newer games require PCI express
but you could still get around with AGP video
card. Now this is a sound card but this is
a PCI sound card and this is a AGP video card.
This is old. Notice the difference on the
sockets right here. The PCI has two like little
slits right there where the AGP only has one
but, they are the exact same length that is
because when I explain before a PCI slot looks
exactly the same as a AGP slot except AGP
slot is brown and it always about a inch if
this is where the PCI slots are the AGP would
be about a inch behind to kind of differentiated.
AGP if you are thinking about a AGP video
card more then likely your need for video
editing or games. If you are thinking about
video editing its worth the money and maybe
don't pay more then a hundred bucks for a
AGP video card. You don't need more. If you
are a gamer and you have a AGP video card
and you want to play games its not really
worth spending $200 on a AGP video card you
mightiest well save the money and a year from
now get yourself a brand new .... processor
and a good video card. AGP is still good but
its showing its age and from all the stuff
that I read about games performance and stuff
AGP wont be around for much longer. Actually
it is not in production anymore. So AGP to
upgrade you AGP video card there is more of
a option of I got a 120 bucks I want to play
some games my video card right now is old
and I don't want to buy a new computer I need
something to get me through about a year a
year in half maybe, maybe with real luck 2
years. So think about what you want to do
when you want to upgrade a AGP video cards.
It is a good old technology but it is showing
its age.